[Music]
who doesn't want to have thick eyebrows
and beautiful long lashes and as I've
recently found out it's not that hard a
couple of simple but highly effective
homemade remedies can change your look
completely in days now let's go back to
my beauty story as a person with very
sparse eyebrows the bushy highbrow trend
hit me pretty hard I tried to fill them
out with brow pencils and other Beauty
tricks but they still looked painted and
extremely fake so one day my goal toward
my eyebrow look changed I stopped
looking for ways to fake it and started
looking for all natural remedies that
would make them grow surprisingly it
wasn't long till I ended up with
beautifully thick eyebrows and
additionally pretty long lashes so if
you want to do the same thing I have two
words for you
then you Greek seeds these seeds are
known to be extremely beneficial for
your hair making it thick shiny and
healthy in pretty much the same thing
goes for your eyebrows and eyelashes the
main secret of fenugreek seeds is the
nicotinic acid which rebuilds hair
follicles and massively stimulates their
growth
additionally fenugreek seeds contain
proteins that ensure that rapid hair
growth happens healthily and lecithin
that allows your tresses to retain their
natural color I used two fenugreek seed
recipes fenugreek serum and a fenugreek
mask to make the eyebrow and eyelash
serum you'll need 1/2 a cup of coconut
oil and 3 tablespoons of fenugreek seed
powder mix the two together boil the
mixture and let it simmer for about 10
minutes
with a lid on let it cool strain the
serum and it's ready to apply to your
eyebrows and eyelashes I stored it in a
small bottle and use the serum every
night before going to bed if you want to
try a fenugreek seed mask take a quarter
of a cup of fenugreek seeds and soak
them in water overnight
that's done you grind the mixture into a
fine paste and apply it to your eyebrows
only the eyelashes are left out here but
you can always apply some fenugreek
serum to them I usually keep this mask
on for about 30 to 45 minutes and then
rinse it off with lukewarm water
repeating this procedure twice a week is
more than enough you can always try some
of my other recipes starting with number
one castor oil castor oil is a must-have
remedy for gorgeous skin luscious hair
and perfect eyebrows and eyelashes it
contains an impressive amount of
proteins fatty acids and vitamins which
all nourish your hair follicles and
allow them to grow but before you put
this natural remedy to use don't forget
to test a little bit of it on your wrist
to make sure you're not allergic to it
if everything is alright you can start
massaging a few drops of castor oil into
your eyebrows and putting a little bit
of it on your lashes as well wait for
about 30 minutes or so before washing
your face with warm water all done if
you want to double the effect of castor
oil mix it with olive oil these natural
remedies complement each other perfectly
since olive oil is rich in vitamin A
this stimulates the production of sebum
which naturally helps your hair to grow
mix one or two drops of castor oil with
the same amount of olive oil and apply
it to your eyebrows using a q-tip and
your lashes using a brush I did it every
day before going to bed and washed it
off the next morning simple but
effective number two
shea butter shea butter was definitely
one of my all-time favorite remedies on
my way to naturally thick brows and long
lashes it contains numerous vitamins
including vitamins A and E which improve
your hair texture and encourage hair
growth to achieve the best possible
results choose organic shea butter and
use it every night all you have to do is
take a tiny bit of it warm and melt it
with your fingers and apply it directly
to your brows and lashes
shea butter doesn't require rinsing off
it will soak into your brows and lashes
overnight making them soft and thick in
the morning
number three green tea as it turns out
you can not only drink green tea to be
beautiful but also apply it to your face
it's packed with crucial antioxidants
that provoke healthy hair growth making
your lashes and eyebrows way thicker and
you'll only need five minutes to make it
first take one teaspoon of fresh green
tea leaves put them in a cup of hot
water and leave them to soak once the
water is cooled down apply the tea to
your eye lashes and massage it into your
brows you can wash it off after about 30
to 40 minutes but I prefer to leave it
overnight and let the green teas
nutrients and vitamins work their magic
number four aloe vera aloe vera contains
a very important compound called Allanon
which is known to promote hair growth
you can find tons of aloe vera recipes
online but the truth is that you only
need two to get the best possible
results for the first recipe you have to
combine aloe vera gel with vitamin E
it's oil has pretty powerful properties
that improve blood circulation to hair
follicles and therefore promote hair
growth start by taking a fresh palo vera
leaf peeling its skin and extracting the
gel from it then squeeze out the oil
from a vitamin E capsule and add three
to four teaspoons of aloe vera gel mix
the ingredients together and the magical
serum is already I applied this mixture
to my eyebrows and eyelashes with a
cotton swab every single day before
going to bed and rinsed it off with warm
water in the morning if you repeat this
procedure regularly you can expect
prominent results on day 3 of your
treatment the second recipe involves
another highly beneficial ingredient
coconut oil it also improves blood
circulation and its nutrients protect
your hair and contribute to its growth
for this recipe you have to wash an aloe
vera leafs thoroughly and cut it into
small cubes
after that take half a bowl of melted
coconut oil and add the aloe vera cubes
to it place it in hot water for about
five to
minutes then let it cool for a bit and
stream the oil just like with the first
recipe you can apply this remedy daily
just don't forget to rinse it off in the
morning
number five is sensual oil serum finally
my ultimate secret weapon is a
combination of castor lavender and cedar
wood essential oils they all contain a
unique complex of vitamins and minerals
to promote hair growth and nourish the
hair at the same time to make this
essential oil serum I take a clean empty
mascara bottle and pour in one teaspoon
of castor oil two to three drops of
lavender oil and two drops of cedar wood
oil then I shake the bottle and apply
the serum to my brows and lashes before
I go to sleep judging from my experience
if you continue to apply this remedy
regularly you won't even have to finish
your bottle you'll see fantastic results
right away do you know any other tricks
for thick eyebrows and eyelashes tell us
in the comment section below don't
forget to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
stay on the bright side
[Music]